docs: updated faq due to keycloak process change (#180)
eclipse-tractusx/portal-iam: docs/technical documentation/11. FAQ.md

#### 1. Create the technical roles inside keycloak - central idp; realm: CX-Central inside the respective client

- open the client via the left side menu **Clients**
- select the respective client (`technical_roles_management`)
- Open the tab **Roles**
- And click **Add** on the right hand side
- Enter the respective role name (_keep in mind the role naming convention_)
- Click **Save**

To transform the created "role" to an actual role, since currently its a single permission only;

- Go to **Action**
- click **Add associated roles**
- select the role(s) you want to add
- press **Assign**
  
#### 2. Create the technical role inside the portal db (either via a delta migration job) or via sql

- Go to **Action**
- click **Add associated roles**
- select the role(s) you want to add
- press **Assign**

For the scenario of sql, the relevant sql can get found below:

1st to get the role id move into your browser open the user role configuration and copy the second UUID from the url.

 ![ClientRoles](/docs/static/new_user_get_uuid.png)

2nd create the role

```sql
INSERT INTO portal.user_roles(
id, user_role, offer_id, last_editor_id)

> VALUES ('copied uuid from url', 'Name of your Keycloak Role', 'offerID of portal or registration', null);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VALUES ('copied uuid from url', 'Name of your Keycloak Role', 'offerID of Technical User Management', null);
```
